Add API for edit customer note in Order Dashboard (#4845)
mirumee/saleor: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> - Add API update customer note of an order in dashboard - #4799 by @nix010

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added possibility to edit customer's note of an order in dashboard - #4845 by @nix010
```

> - Added possibility to edit customer's note of an order in dashboard - #4799 by @nix010

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added possibility to edit customer's note of an order in dashboard - #4845 by @nix010
```
